[docs] Add Getting Started / For Designers (#902)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/getting-started/for-designers/partials/best-practices.md

#### Components, variants, and styles

## Component availability

The HashiCorp Design System succeeds [Structure](https://github.com/hashicorp/structure) which is in the process of being sunsetted and deprecated. Work is underway to achieve parity between Structure and the HashiCorp Design System but is not 100% complete yet, and some components will most likely not exist in future versions of the Design System.

Use this decision tree when assessing current and future support for a component, pattern, or foundation you need:

**Does the element (or a comparible alternative) exist in the HashiCorp Design System?**

If so, great! Using this element ensures it will be supported in future versions of the HashiCorp Design System and that it shares a common visual language with the rest of the elements.

**If no, does the element (or a comparible alternative) exist in Structure?**

If yes, use this component with the understanding that:

1. Structure will be deprecated/sunsetted in the future
2. Not all Figma components are built in code
3. There is no longer a support structure in place if errors/bugs arise

> If no, or having future support is a must: design and build your own local element using HashiCorp Design System Foundations (color, typography, elevation, etc) as a starting point.

Reviewer: This content could be really valuable as an image instead of text so designers could quickly glance at it and understand what to do for their specific scenario.

### Local components

> While the core component and foundation set published in the HashiCorp Design System covers most use cases for low-level atoms and molecules, combinations of components and [patterns](/patterns) are not currently supported. As a best practice use HashiCorp Design System **components** and **foundations** when extending the system and creating local components and patterns.

Reviewer: I get the message you're trying to convey, but I don't think this is factual. There are still quite a few components that we're missing, so we may want to avoid phrases like "covers most use cases" as it feels like it gives a false sense of "completion". The content may be made stronger with a visual example, as well. **How do they extend the system?**

Author: Rewrote this content a bit to scale it back and make it more straightforward.

> ## Component instances & detaching
> 
> A component inserted from a library into a project is referred to as an **instance** and maintains a link to the master component in the library. This has significatn benefits for deploying components quickly and iterating, but can introduce some challenges if the component doesn't meet all of your needs and is detached.
> 
> !!! Critical
> 
> Detached components **will not** receive updates when new features or changes are made in the library. This can cause Figma projects and production applications to drift out of sync very quickly. This can introduce tech debt and complex updates in the future, and can be avoided by working closely with the design system team to meet your needs and extend components as necessary.
> 
> !!!
> 
> Figma components in the HashiCorp Design System are coupled closely with their code counterparts to maintain consistency in the API and design language. Detaching a component or foundation frome the HashiCorp Design System libraries is not recommended in almost **every** scenario, if you find that a component doesn't meet your needs, don't hesitate to reach out for [support](/support) or [submit a request](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScpMXgrUTVT5fYriu4Pp48r4Nl_eCPluVnJLg0Yg3NXsRWvIA/viewform) for a new component, foundation, or feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Component instances & detaching

A component inserted from a library into a project is referred to as an **instance**. Instances maintain a link to the main component in the library, which has significant benefits for deploying components and iterating quickly.

Our Figma components are coupled closely with their code counterparts to maintain consistency in the API and design language. In most scenarios, we don't recommend detaching a component or foundation from the library. If you find that a component doesn't meet your needs, reach out to us for [support](/support) or [submit a request](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScpMXgrUTVT5fYriu4Pp48r4Nl_eCPluVnJLg0Yg3NXsRWvIA/viewform) for a new component, foundation, or feature.

### Why to avoid detaching components

When you detach a component, that component will no longer receive updates when new features or changes are published in the library. This can cause Figma projects and production applications to drift out of sync quickly. This can introduce tech debt and complex updates in the future. It can be avoided by working closely with the design system team and learning how to extend components as necessary.
```

> Figma components in the HashiCorp Design System are coupled closely with their code counterparts to maintain consistency in the API and design language. Detaching a component or foundation frome the HashiCorp Design System libraries is not recommended in almost **every** scenario, if you find that a component doesn't meet your needs, don't hesitate to reach out for [support](/support) or [submit a request](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScpMXgrUTVT5fYriu4Pp48r4Nl_eCPluVnJLg0Yg3NXsRWvIA/viewform) for a new component, foundation, or feature.

Author: I'm not sure I agree with moving this to the overview page, it seems like it's in line with the narrative (Component availability -> Local components -> don't detach). I'm going to resolve this for now and we can revisit more holistically with [this ticket](https://hashicorp.atlassian.net/browse/HDS-1315?focusedCommentId=170568&page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel#comment-170568
